In this project, we will build a screen for a library software app utilizing Lists.edited

Your objective is to build a GUI app (using Java swing for example) to show Library Book information details as read from a file. ---julie

1- First download the book.csv file from here 

https://github.com/zygmuntz/goodbooks-10k/blob/master/samples/books.csv (Links to an external site.)

https://github.com/zygmuntz/goodbooks-10k/blob/master/books.csv (Links to an external site.)

---DONE ---julie  2- Your program should include a class Book that contains data reflecting the columns in the dataset table  

---DONE -----julie 3- Using regular expressions and the string library, build a function to read the file record by record and stores them into a List of Book objects. 

----DONE--4 Implement two versions of this program one that uses ArrayLists and one that uses LinkedLists. You should be able to do that without duplicating all the code. (hint: review Task 1 of Assignment 2)

--- DONE----Eduwem Your app should show the top 10 records in your list.  -in textArea

---DONE---- Eduwem  6- Your app should allow the user to search for a certain book using book_id or isbn 

--DONE---julie, eduwem 7- Your app should allow the user to change the sorting of the list to be sorted based on 

  a) authors 

  b) original publication 

in both ascending or descending order. 

Hint: You can test your solution using a shorter book list first then apply to the larger file. 

Note: feel free to trim the file ( use a shorter list of books) but we have to maintain a large number. 

8- For the book search feature implement the following:

for the ArrayList 

eduwem - a) Binary search 

for the LinkedList 

----working on it---julie b) linear search 

eduwem 9) create a separate method to test the performance of the algorithms in 8.

Compare the performance of the 2 methods by searching in the underling data structure for a large number of values. These values could be taken from the data set. (suggested number 500 values, if no difference is seen they could be increased to a 1000)

eduwem 10) Report the running time for each of the two methods.  

julie, eduwem 11) Any added features like: adding a new book, editing book information, deleting books, or more features for search will be rewarded with a bonus! 
